# Unruly Guitar: Meeting 8

> Date: 11/04/2023 |
> Main focus: Feedback and final changes |
> Chair: Matiss |
> Note taker: Vlad |

## Opening and approval of the agenda

*14:15 - 14:16* 

---

Greetings. Check attendance. Check how everyone is doing.

Check if everything that is needed to talk about is mentioned in the agenda, if not, mention it and add it.

---

## Final Demo for the TA 

*14:16 - 14:20*

---

Showcase the final state of our application and hear what the TA has to say about it. 
Ask for the TA's opinion, ask him what is wrong//could be better (UI-Bug wise) to make final changes

## Final feedback from TA

*14:20 - 14:35*

---

Show the Product Pitch (Not final - my (Matiss's) video is to be updated) 
(Should we show more features?) 
and the HUE and hear what the TA thinks about it.



## Talking points 

*14:35 - 14:39*

---

- ***DEADLINE THIS EVENING 23:59!***
- Move logic to server side?
- Help with dependency injection for tests
- Questions about the Oral Examination
- Questions about the Teamwork Self-Reflection
  - Reference teamwork values and stuff from the material on course share for the self reflection
- Questions about the BuddyCheck

## Question round for coworkers and for the TA + Closing

*14:39 - 14:40*

---

Ask questions if any.
Thank the TA for his help and get to work, there are still things to do!
