# Unruly Guitar: Meeting 5

> Date: 28/03/2023 |
> Main focus: App developpement and GitLab handling |
> Chair: Matiss |
> Note taker: Vlad

## Opening and approval of the agenda

*14:45 - 14:50* 

---

Greetings. Check attendance. Check how everyone is doing.

Check if everything that is needed to talk about is mentioned in the agenda, if not, mention it and add it.

## Feedback from the TA

*14:50 - 14:55*

---

Hear what the TA has to say about our previous work before moving on.

## Discussion points

*14:55 - 15:15*

---
  
- Development of the application
  - Updates on the Issues page
    - New labels
    - When merging, please add milestones, labels and a clear description of what happens with your changes + #issue_number to keep track of them
    - Add subtasks to Issues to better keep track of the work (also optional - weight//time estimate)
    - Drag and drop - discuss getCard method
    - Propose and make new issues
  - Check that everyone is up-to-date with their issues
    - Choose issues at meeting//take one whenever you feel like doing it?
    - Make sure we plan and divide the tasks such that we make the deadline!! *7th of April*
    - Finish mandatory issues in the next **2-3 days** if we want to stay on track
  - My client to remember the joined boards, so I see the same workspace when I reconnect - Vlad
- Product Pitch and Self-Reflection
  - Ask TA/Discuss
- Proposition: **New reviewing system**
  - Very few people do good code reviews frequently, me included
  - Choose min 1//2 (?) reviewers
  - Reviewers get informed through gitlab and WhatsApp
- Additions to the agenda
  - If you have anything else you want to talk about, please say it now.

## Question round for coworkers and for the TA + Closing

*15:15 - 15:20*

---

Confirm everyone's tasks are known to them and ask questions to the TA or coworkers if any arise. 
Greetings and goodbyes.
